# User Study on Machine Teaching

Run ``python herokuapp.py`` to run the user study locally. You must have [psiturk](https://psiturk.org/) installed, and the study must be completed on a laptop or desktop on one of the following browsers: Chrome, Firefox, or Safari. Please note that this code has only been tested with Python 3.8 and Psiturk version 3.1.0 (which can be configured using a package manager such as [conda](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/)).

dfs_processed_masked.pickle contains the user study data, which can be analyzed using data_analysis.py. The pickle file contains the data for the 54 participants from the first user study (conditions 0-2), and the 108 participants from the second user study (conditions 3-8).

Videos of teaching demonstrations reside in static/vid/{k0, k1, ..., k7_k8_k2}, while videos of testing demonstrations reside in static/vid/testing/{low, medium, high}. You may navigate to these directories and directly view the videos without running the user study. k0-k8 correspond to conditions 0-8 respectively across the two user studies. k0, k1, and k2 vary the between-subjects variable of *information class* across three levels: low, medium, and maximum, respectively. k3, k4, and k5 vary the between-subjects variable of *scaffolding* across the levels of none, forward, and backward, respectively, while keeping the between subjects-variable of *visual optimization* as negative. k6, k7, and k8 also vary the between-subjects variable of *scaffolding* across the levels of none, forward, and backward, respectively, but keep the between subjects-variable of *visual optimization* as positive. k4 and k5 are grouped in the same folder as they show the same demonstrations, only in opposite scaffolding order (the videos are labeled in order of forward scaffolding). k7 and k8 are grouped together for the same reason. Finally, k2 is grouped with k7 and k8 since these two conditions already include the maximum information demonstrations, and k2 could simply reuse these demonstrations (these are marked with a lack of a letter designation e.g. skateboard_4.mp4).

Coding of qualitative participant responses with learning styles can be found in coding.csv.

This repository contains raw code that has not gone extensive cleanup. If you have any questions, please contact the primary author at ml5@andrew.cmu.edu.